content/course/science-honors.md, before:

+++
title = "Science Honors"
image_preview = "pitcher-fruit.jpg"
# tags can be used for filtering courses
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["sci-hon"]
[header] 
image = "fruit-wide.jpg"
+++

## Index

[Course Resources](#resources)  
[Assignments](#assn)

---------------------------------------------------------------------

## Course Resources {#resources}

-  [R, RStudio, and all that...](/resources/Rstuff/)
-  DataCamp: I have set up a [DataCamp group](https://www.datacamp.com/groups/science-honors) for Science Honors. You should have received an email invitation to join. Some important details:
    -  **Pay no attention to the due dates listed on DataCamp!** They have been a bit buggy in the past, so I made the assignment "due dates" rather arbitrary. The real due dates will be posted on the course website.
    -  as a member of this group you have access to **all** of DataCamp's premium content, not just the assigned material
-  woRkshop ggplot-intro raw .Rmd file is [here](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/jbintz/94e7bcdbc5655dc293151c73a1b5a505/raw/13e19d3f983fd69ea85a646fceb0f6ddaf3d41fb/ggplot-intro.Rmd)
    
---------------------------------------------------------------------

## Assignments (from Dr. Bintz) {#assn}

### Assignment 1: Due Wednesday, August 30

1.  Install R and RStudio on your computer. To do this, work through this brief [setup tutorial](https://jjallaire.shinyapps.io/learnr-tutorial-00-setup/).

2.  Complete the "Introduction to R" course at DataCamp. 

### Assignment 2: Due Friday, September 1

1. Complete the "Introduction to Data" course at DataCamp. 

### Assignment 3: Due Wednesday, September 6

1. Complete the "Explorartory Data Analysis" course at DataCamp.

### [Assignment 4: Due Monday, September 11](/courses/INTS150/assignments/science-honors-assignment-4/) 

### [Assignment 5: Due Tuesday, September 19](/courses/INTS150/assignments/the-measurement-of-biodiversity)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

section for biodiversity on sci hon

content/course/science-honors.md, after:

+++
title = "Science Honors"
image_preview = "pitcher-fruit.jpg"
# tags can be used for filtering courses
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["sci-hon"]
[header] 
image = "fruit-wide.jpg"
+++

## Index

[Course Resources](#resources)  
[Assignments](#assn)  
[Biodiversity](#biodiv)

---------------------------------------------------------------------

## Course Resources {#resources}

-  [R, RStudio, and all that...](/resources/Rstuff/)
-  DataCamp: I have set up a [DataCamp group](https://www.datacamp.com/groups/science-honors) for Science Honors. You should have received an email invitation to join. Some important details:
    -  **Pay no attention to the due dates listed on DataCamp!** They have been a bit buggy in the past, so I made the assignment "due dates" rather arbitrary. The real due dates will be posted on the course website.
    -  as a member of this group you have access to **all** of DataCamp's premium content, not just the assigned material
-  woRkshop ggplot-intro raw .Rmd file is [here](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/jbintz/94e7bcdbc5655dc293151c73a1b5a505/raw/13e19d3f983fd69ea85a646fceb0f6ddaf3d41fb/ggplot-intro.Rmd)
    
---------------------------------------------------------------------

## Assignments (from Dr. Bintz) {#assn}

### Assignment 1: Due Wednesday, August 30

1.  Install R and RStudio on your computer. To do this, work through this brief [setup tutorial](https://jjallaire.shinyapps.io/learnr-tutorial-00-setup/).

2.  Complete the "Introduction to R" course at DataCamp. 

### Assignment 2: Due Friday, September 1

1. Complete the "Introduction to Data" course at DataCamp. 

### Assignment 3: Due Wednesday, September 6

1. Complete the "Explorartory Data Analysis" course at DataCamp.

### [Assignment 4: Due Monday, September 11](/courses/INTS150/assignments/science-honors-assignment-4/) 

### [Assignment 5: Due Tuesday, September 19](/courses/INTS150/assignments/the-measurement-of-biodiversity)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

## Biodiversity {#biodiv}

[The Measurement of Biodiversity](/courses/INTS150/assignments/the-measurement-of-biodiversity)
